<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 4: Tables and boxes</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/epub3.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 id="h1_2015_02_18_15_17_48_9304_1" role="heading" aria-level="1">4. Tables and boxes</h1>
    <p>We hope that you were able to write the missing chapter 3. IN this new chapter, we will learn tables and boxes.</p>
    <h2 role="heading" aria-level="2" id="h2_2015_02_18_15_17_48_9304_2">4.1. Tables</h2>
    <p>Creating a table isn't as complicated as you might think. There exists a single way to do it, the corresponding button in the toolbar or the associated keyboard shortcut.</p>
    <p>The interesting stuff come in the dialog box. Additionally to the number of rows and columns and a positional style, you have to choose where will header cells will be.</p>
    <p>An header cell contains something that represent all other data in the same row or the same column. For example, a typical table that lists a few people with first name, last name, phone number and e-mail and one person per row, header cells will be on the top, in the first row; each of first name, last name, phone and e-mail will be header cells for their respective column.</p>
    <p>An examples of tables with header celles both on top and on the left are those known as double-entry tables, such as the following: suppose we want to show the population evolution of several countries over years. Header cells on top would be countries and header cells on the left could be years (or the opposite). Normal cells that aren't header celles will contain numbers representing the population. Each data cell where there is a number refers to a given country (its column) and a given year (its row).</p>
    <p>Try to create below the table just described above! Nobody will tell you if you invent numbers without verification, for once.</p>
    <p>Expert trick: you need to give the exact number of columns your table should have in the creation dialog box, but not the number of rows. You can always add new rows, it happens when you press tab to go to the next cell and  that no more cells are present. The context menu give you commands to add and remove rows and columns, in case you need it.</p>
    <h2 role="heading" aria-level="2" id="h2_2015_02_18_15_17_48_9304_3">4.2. Boxes</h2>
    <p>In books, boxes are quite a lot present. Do you know all these boxes saying info, warning, trick ? And in coursebooks, all the boxes containing hints or clues for an exercise ? Sometimes these boxes are also called asides.</p>
    <p>To create a box, it's not really complicated, you have a <strong>Box </strong>button in the toolbar that triggers a dialog box. You might select first a portion of text, a few paragraphs, which will have to be inside the box. However, you have to define two settings that may be confusing: box type and positional style.</p>
    <ul>
      <li>The box type defines the kind of box you are going to create: is it a warning, an information, a trick ? this is semantics, choose what you feel is the most appropriate for your context</li>
      <li>The positional style defines if the box should take the whole width, interrupting the flow of text, or if it has to take only a fraction of the available width and be floating on the left or on the right. In fact, if you have well observed, you have the same possibility when inserting tables or illustrations.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>You might have noticed that here and there are a few tricks throughout this tutorial book. That's one of the biggest use of aside boxes. As an exercise, set them aside, once floating on the right, once on the left alternatively. They are tricks, so fondamentally their most appropriate box type is probably info. Try also to create a warning box below, saying that boxes are everywhere.</p>
    <h2 role="heading" aria-level="2" id="h2_2015_02_18_15_17_48_9304_4">4.3. High-level sectionning</h2>
    <p>However, Under <strong>Box</strong>, you can't only create boxes and asides but also so to say high level sectionning. The Epub3 specification has prepared a lot of additional tagging you can use to make your book even better organized, with better semantics. You can choose these high-level sectionning elements in the box type combobox. Usually, these sections aren't positionned but you can still do it if you want. Examples of high-level sectionning elements includes abstract, introduction, preface, cconclusion, appendix, footnote, practice, crédits, copyright, ...</p>
  </body>
</html>
