<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1: Getting started with the WYSIWYG editor</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/epub3.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 id="h1_2015_02_18_08_48_10_9086_1" role="heading" aria-level="1">1. Getting started with the WYSIWYG editor</h1>
    <p>You are now ready to start. Don't panic, we will start with easy things, and approach the more difficult ones afterwards once you are more confident.</p>
    <p>As you have probably seen, you can edit text in this zone, and the formatting you are applying can be seen immediately. You could start by making this sentance bold, and these few words in italic. You can have more fun by trying to put the words <strong>italic </strong>in <em>bold </em>and the word <em>bold </em>in <strong>italic</strong> each time you encounter them. <s>Strikethrough </s>has no utility, you can <s>forget it </s>leave it as is.</p>
    <h2 id="h2_2015_02_18_08_48_10_9086_2" role="heading" aria-level="2">1.1. Headings and sections</h2>
    <p>The most important when you write a long text is to split it into chapter and sections; each section must have an heading introducing it, the text <strong>headings and sections </strong>above for the current section. That heading is of level 2 because we are still Under chapter 1. Level 1 is the greatest level and the smallest possible level is 6. For common texts, there is rare needs for levels 5 and 6, even books with 500 pages.</p>
    <p>Structuring your text into headings is very important :</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Screen reader users use heading structure as navigation, to jump and command them to start reading where headings are. Without any headings, screen readers have no choice but going a bit forward and backward till they find the beginning of the section, a little like when you had to find the beginning of a song on a audio K7.</li>
      <li>As we will see in the next chapter, you can make a link precisely referencing a section or a subsection</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Usually, we recommand that each file has a single heading level 1. It is also a good practice to separate your book in several files, for an easier eidition but also for better reading. You can try to create a new file by pressing the correspondig button on the top bar.</p>
    <p>If you pay attention, you should see that sections 1.2 and 1.3 are missing below. Try to write them ! A small paragraph preceeded by the correct heading will suffice. It would be nice if section 1.3 also contain subsections 1.3.1 and 1.3.2, to be sure you understand heading structure.</p>
    <p>Expert trick: you can check your heading hierarchy by refreshing table of contents.</p>
    <h2 id="h2_2015_02_18_08_48_10_9086_3" role="heading" aria-level="2">1.4. Lists</h2>
    <p>Lists are very important. For example when you want to describe something that has to be followed in order, you use a <strong>numbered list </strong>also known as <strong>ordered list</strong>. Try below to describe the steps you are taking to create an ordered list, step by step:</p>
    <p>Another family of lists is very important, <strong>unordered lists </strong>as known as <strong>bulleted lists</strong>. This kind of list is useful when the items mentionned have no particular order. Typical example, a list of things to buy. Try below to make an unordered list of what you need in a classroom to follow a course correctly:</p>
    <p>Expert trick: you can start a new ordered list by typing 1. or 1) at the beginning of a paragraph. When pressing enter, the 2<sub>nd</sub> point will automatically appear. Same with unordered list if you start a line with *. To close a list without using the toolbar, press enter twice.</p>
    <h2 id="h2_2015_02_18_08_48_10_9086_4" role="heading" aria-level="2">1.5. Chapter conclusion</h2>
    <p>This is the end of this chapter, you already got some important basics. This may have seemed very easy, or perhaps not. In any case, take your time to repeat until you feel confident enough. Next chapter will cover links, images and multimedia. See you there !</p>
    <p>Before you go, try below to make a list of what you have learned in this first chapter. What kind of list you are going to use ?</p>
  </body>
</html>
