<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 2: Links, images and multimedia</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/epub3.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 id="h1_2015_02_18_11_26_02_7369_1" role="heading" aria-level="1">2. Links, images and multimedia</h1>
    <p>Up to now, we did about heading structure and lists. Having a correct heading structure throughout the whole book is the most important, but a little boring, isn't it ? In this second chapter, we will first learn how to create links, and then how to embed illustrations and videos in our documents.</p>
    <h2 role="heading" aria-level="2" id="h2_2015_02_18_11_26_02_7369_2">2.1. Making links</h2>
    <p>Making links is also very important. Being able to link documents with eachother is the greatest power of the web and digital books against good old paper books. Let's say that, at this point, we want to remind you about headings structure discussed in previous chapter. We are going to make an internal link, internal because it points to a document within the same book. You have several methods to create one such link. First of all, find the section you want to link to in the table of contents on the left panel, then:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Wheither you drag and drop it onto the edition area</li>
      <li>or you click with the right mouse button to open a context menu, choose the <strong>Copy address </strong>option, highlight the text you want to turn into a link in the edition area, click on the link button or press Ctrl+K, paste the URL previously copied in the URL field of the dialog box and press OK.</li>
      <li>Paste the obtained URL from the <strong>Copy address </strong>command directly into the edition area at the desired place instead of passing through the dialog box.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>The second method has the advantage to avoid having to modify the link text afterwards, while the other two are probably a bit faster. Try experimenting with more than a single methods and link to chapter 1.1!</p>
    <p>We also want to add a link to our old friend, Google. This is an external link, meaning that it points to something residing outside of the book; a network connection will be required to visit the link. To do it, highlight the word <strong>Google</strong>, click on the link button on the toolbar, and manually enter its address on the URL field of the dialog box</p>
    <p>You can always see or modify the URL to which a link points to by choosing the <strong>Link properties </strong>option in the context menu, which you will obtain by cliking with the right mouse button on the link text.</p>
    <h2 role="heading" aria-level="2" id="h2_2015_02_18_11_26_02_7369_3">2.2. Illustrations</h2>
    <p>We will now talk about illustrations. There are multiple ways to add one in your document :</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Copy an image file from your hard disk and paste it directly in the edition area</li>
      <li>Drag an image from your hard disk and drop in onto the edition area</li>
      <li>Copy the URL of any image found on the Internet and paste it in the edition area</li>
      <li>Find an image which is already Inside your book with the <strong>Files </strong>tab, and drag and drop it onto the edition area.</li>
      <li>Click on the <strong>Illustration </strong>button in the toolbar and fill in the URL or paste and URL manually</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Note that all methods don't work with all browsers. All these methods make a dialog box appear, where you can put the URL of the illustration (automatically filled if you are using drag and drop or paste), a legend which will be placed Under the image, and an alternative text only visible for screen reader users and useful to describe the image if the legend isn't sufficient. The legend is visible by anyone. A special checkbox let you set the image as being illustrative only. This later checkbox must be checked if the image isn't relevant for screen reader users, that is, if the image don't give any useful information to understand the rest of the document. A style combobox will also allow you to choose if the illustration should take the entire width, or if it has to float left or right with a given size.</p>
    <p>Try to add illustrations here, using a pair of the methods explained above!</p>
    <h2 role="heading" aria-level="2" id="h2_2015_02_18_11_26_02_7369_5">2.3. Icons</h2>
    <p>Adding an icon is again allmost the same as adding an illustration, except that you must go by the <strong>Insert icon </strong>dialog box. Paste as well as drag and drop always insert an illustration or a multimedia clip, never an icon. There is no legend, only an alternative text. Icons are used to put images directly Inside the text, while illustrations make a separate independant block. We know that you ar happy, you may insert a few smileys here to show it!</p>
    <h2  role="heading" aria-level="2" id="h2_2015_02_18_11_26_02_7369_4">2.4. Multimedia clips</h2>
    <p >Adding a multimedia clip is allmost the same as adding an illustration. You can use allmost the same methods as described above. When pasting or drag-and-dropping, the fact that you are trying to insert a video or an audio clip and not an image is automatically deduced from file extension.</p>
    <p >URL pointing to youtube are also recognized and their insertion cause a frame to appear instead of an integrated player. IN that case a network connection is of course required to Watch the video. Try to put here some youtube videos !</p>
    <h2 role="heading" aria-level="2" id="h2_2015_02_18_11_26_02_7369_6">2.5. Creating new files and reorganizing text</h2>
    <p>IF you paid attention, you should have noticed that 2.4 is coming before 2.3. Of course, you could cut the whole missplaced part and paste it back on the right place. But there are much more interesting ways to move sections. Drag 2.4 onto 2.3 in the table of contents, or use the context menu twice, once on 2.4 and once on 2.3 to perform the move operation without mouse.</p>
    <p>You will also notice that chapter 3 is completely missing. It's your turn! Use the <strong>New HTML file </strong>button on the top bar to create a separate file for your chapter 3.</p>
  </body>
</html>
